i love listening to a great story as
much as i like telling one
and that's why i was so excited about
playing kid
he is a storyteller he is driven
emotional
he is noble he is moved by
the pursuit of the truth
[Music]
good evening ladies and gentlemen my
name is captain jefferson kyle kidd and
i'm here tonight to bring you all the
news from across this great world of
ours
news of the world takes place in the
shadow of the civil war's end
there is defeat there is strife and
anger
these are difficult times and maybe just
for tonight
we can escape our troubles and hear the
great changes that are happening out
there
because of the war kid came back to
having nothing left
reading the news gave him a purpose he
got up
he collected the stories he delivered a
reading and then he moved on to the next
town
then along comes johanna this kidnappy
hey
i'm not gonna hurt you friend
can't stay out of here come here she has
no idea who her family is the kiowa
took you when they attacked your family
her mother father and sister were
well they passed burdened by his own
decency kid
is gonna have to return her to a family
and this coming from a man
who has lost any semblance of what a
family is but there's a horse
captain
he's seen life at its absolute cruelest
and he's had enough of it
how much you offer this child is not for
sale they don't want our money they want
you
where are you kid goes through something
that
saves him as much as he saves johanna
captain why are you doing this she needs
new memories
she gave him a true purpose his real
message is
when you have love in your life it will
be all right that's what all
great stories are it's just pure love
for another human being
she's one of us
[Music]
you